docs: ledger non-normative protocol rewards (#169)
algorandfoundation/specs: src/.include/staking-rewards-readme.md

Algo holders are incentivized to run participation nodes in order to earn more Algos, increasing
security for the entire Algorand network.

With the financial incentive to run participation nodes comes the risk that some nodes may be
operated without sufficient care.  Therefore, a mechanism to _suspend_ nodes that appear to be
performing poorly (or not at all) is required. Appearances can be deceiving, however. Since Algorand is a
probabilistic consensus protocol, pure chance might lead to a node appearing to be delinquent. A new
transaction type, the _heartbeat_, allows a node to explicitly indicate that it is online even if it
does not propose blocks due to "bad luck".

# Payouts

Payouts are made in every block, if the proposer has opted into receiving them, has an Algo balance
in an appropriate range, and has not been suspended for poor behavior since opting-in.  The size of
the payout is indicated in the block header, and comes from the `FeeSink`. The block payout consists
of two components. First, a portion of the block fees (currently 50%) are paid to the proposer.
This component incentivizes fuller blocks which lead to larger payouts. Second, a _bonus_ payout is

> made according to an exponentially decaying formula.  This bonus is (intentionally) unsustainable
> from protocol fees.  It is expected that the Algorand Foundation will seed the `FeeSink` with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
made according to an exponentially decaying formula.  This bonus is currently unsustainable
from protocol fees alone.  It is expected that the Algorand Foundation will seed the `FeeSink` with
```

Author: Since this includes the `go-algorand` [docs for this feature](https://github.com/algorand/go-algorand/tree/18990e06116efa0ad29008d5879c8e4dcfa51653/heartbeat), I would keep the original as is.

Reviewer: ok
